A BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE CSE ROLE

CSEs are frontline representatives of FixMaster. They interact directly with customers and serve as project managers for all jobs booked with FixMaster. As project managers, they put the customers’ minds at rest and ensure that they supervise every aspect of the job to ensure job completion and maximum customer satisfaction. They interact and coordinate with other collaborators in the FixMaster structure to ensure a seamless flow of activities involved in every job.
CSEs are responsible for;
Providing quality representation of FixMaster
Accepting jobs booked by customers
Studying details of accepted jobs
Initiating the initial customer contact
Maintaining effective communication with customers regarding job progress
Assigning technicians to jobs
Coordinating with technicians to ensure timely arrival at job locations
Supervising technicians from the diagnostics phase to the completion phase
Liaising with franchisees regarding equipment hire for jobs
Provision of diagnostics reports to customer
Assisting with system’s quotation building for customers
Requesting required spare parts for job completion from FixMaster’s approved suppliers
Initiating support requests to the quality assurance (QA) masters when technicians are in need of support
Confirming job completion
Facilitating the acquisition of customer feedback and ratings
Giving feedback and ratings to the customers, QA masters, technicians, suppliers and franchisees involved in assigned jobs
All the above and more, are the responsibilities CSEs are charged with.
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

To be considered eligible for the CSE role, applicants must be university graduates with at least a bachelor’s degree, possess considerable communication skills, and an outgoing personality. 

ACCEPTED IDENTIFICATION DOCUMENTS

Applicants will be required to identify themselves when going through the onboarding process. FixMaster’s accepted identification documents are;
i.  National ID Card
ii. National ID Number (NIN)
iii. Valid Driver’s License
iv. Valid International Travel Passport

GUARANTORS POLICY

All CSE applicants are required to submit two guarantors to FixMaster.
Important information that will be requested for guarantors include the following (along with other basic information such as their personal information and contact details):
Your guarantor’s valid ID document (National ID Card, National ID Number (NIN), Valid Driver’s License, Valid International Travel Passport).
Your guarantors’ workplaces and how long they have worked in that establishment
Your guarantors’ home address and how long they have lived in that address

CSE ONBOARDING PROCESS

To become a FixMaster CSE, you are required to apply from the careers page on the FixMaster website. There are five stages in the CSE onboarding process and they are as follows:
STAGE 1 (The Application):
In the stage one of the CSE onboarding process, applicants are required to submit an application for the open CSE role in the territory in which they reside. Selected applicants will move on to the next stage.
STAGE 2 (The General Multiple-Choice Question (MCQ) Test):
In the stage two of the CSE onboarding process, applicants are required to take an online general MCQ test which will help FixMaster assess their general level of intelligence. 
Applicants will be required to display their ID document to the camera before starting the test. The test is an automated (and will be recorded) one and successful applicants will be moved to the next stage.
STAGE 3 (The Virtual Interview):
In the stage three of the CSE onboarding process, applicants are required to attend an online virtual interview where they will be required to answer pre-recorded questions. Applicants will be required to display their ID document to the camera before starting the test.  The interview is an automated (and will be recorded) one and will be assessed. Applicants will be rated and those who pass the cut-off mark will be moved to the next stage.
STAGE 4 (The Job Readiness Training):
In the stage four of the CSE onboarding process, applicants will be given partial access to their FixMaster account to login and complete three tasks;
i. Take the preboarding declarations
ii. Submit their personal information
iii. Submit their guarantors’ information
Once these tasks have been completed, the applicants will be given access to FixMaster’s training materials.
The FixMaster training materials come in separate folders. Each folder comes with a multiple-choice questions (MCQ) test that must be completed. Applicants are required to study all folders and complete their accompanying MCQ tests before the training deadline. Failure to do so will lead to suspension of the application. Applicants can decide to contact FixMaster management to request that their application be reactivated. If a satisfactory reason can be provided, they will be given access to complete the training within the agreed deadline, or else the application is canceled. 
STAGE 5  (The Job Readiness Discussion): 
Once training has been completed, applicants will be asked to attend a job readiness discussion to prove that they fully understand what FixMaster is all about and its processes.
On completing the job readiness discussion, selected applicants will be granted full access to their account to take the onboarding declarations (only if both their guarantors have been verified. Otherwise, they will be required to ensure that they are verified before gaining full access. Failure to do this before the given deadline will lead to a suspension and possibly, termination).
Once both guarantors have been verified and an applicant has taken the onboarding declarations, he/she is now a fully on-boarded FixMaster CSE.


